(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Mom.
Why did you call her Ji An, Mom?
This is me.
Why did you tell Hae Ja this is Ji An?
Isn't this me?
It is you.
This is me, right?
Then why did you say it's Ji An?
I...
switched you and Ji An.
What... What did you say?
I'm sorry, Ji Soo.
I sent Ji An...
instead of you.
I did so because of my greed.
It wasn't Ji An.
It was you.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
When did I say it was Ji An?
I never said that. You heard it wrong.
No. She said it's Ji An.
Hae Ja's mistaken.
I just didn't say anything because she rushed in.
Then why were you crying looking at my picture?
- What? - I heard you crying.
I came back to get my cell phone...
before Hae Ja was here.
You kept crying.
That's...
I wasn't crying...
looking at your picture.
Sometimes,
I just feel like crying.
At my age, people cry...
even by watching leaves fall in the rain.
I'm in menopause.
Liar.
You cried because you miss Ji An.
Did you cry...
in secret every day?
Don't be upset.
She's doing better in a rich family.
You saw how well she's doing last time.
You're right.
Did you cry because...
I missed Ji An so much?
Is that why you cried looking at my picture?
You said...
you should be at work before customers arrive.
You're right.
I couldn't leave because you were crying so much.
Then is this left-handed girl my dead sister?
Is she the real Ji An? And is this me?
You're late. Hurry up.
- I have to leave too. Go. - Okay.
See you later.
Eun Seok.
Yes.
What are your plans for today?
I have an English speaking lesson at 10...
But I can speak English.
It's phonics.
You didn't learn English from abroad.
You need to fix your pronunciation.
I see.
I have a manners lesson from 2pm to 4pm.
Then have dinner outside with me tonight.
You should wait...
until Father comes back.
I'll tell Mr. Yang...
to train her until the evening.
What for? She's already studying all day.
It's not good manners to do her own stuff...
while answering an adult's question...
just like she did now.
Father's returning soon.
I can't let him see her being rude like this.
It's not easy to change her habits by studying.
She still has enough time.
It's not enough to get rid of the bad habits...
she had for 25 years.
You'll be working as a regular employee...
at Haesung Apparel's Marketing Team.
Haesung Apparel?
Honey, we agreed to ask about her opinion first.
The chairman confirmed it.
I heard you always wanted to be a regular employee.
Yes.
Why do you want her in the Marketing Team?
We've already registered our DNA.
Your parents recently told you...
the secret behind your birth,
so you registered your DNA yourself...
to find your real parents.
We found each other in December.
That's why we will reveal you to the public...
at our company's 40th anniversary.
Before we do that,
don't you think it'd be better if you were...
working at the Marketing Team of our company?
I don't think I understand what you mean by that.
We wanted to introduce you as soon as we found you.
But if that happens,
the public and the press will gossip about us.
That includes you and our company.
Until then, you must become...
someone that everyone recognizes as one of us.
But...
I was already fired from your company.
Will I be employed by special employment?
Is that why you separated the Marketing Team?
It was your Strategic Planning Team...
which suggested separating the Marketing Team.
We only...
made the decision now.
- Seo Hyun. - What are you doing?
Oh, did I startle you?
How couldn't I be?
Why did you knock if you were going to open it?
What?
Eun Seok.
You knock as a way of asking if you can come in.
Even Mom and Dad don't come in unless I respond.
I see. I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's your first time.
What is this about?
Well,
I just wanted to get back the necklace I gave you.
It was you who gave it to me to begin with.
You said that it wasn't your taste...
and that it looked better on me.
I'm sorry.
It is true that it looks better on you.
But I've been thinking that it was a mistake.
It was a meaningful gift,
but it wasn't polite of me to give it away.
Hold on.
Here.
Thank you. And I'm sorry.
Okay. I need to go to school,
so I should change now.
Sure, sure.
Unbelievable.
Why is she pestering me?
- Please enjoy. - Have a good day.
- Ji Soo. - Yes?
I can manage on my own.
Go, and do your delivery.
Since yesterday was the first day,
I'll go and see how much of them were sold first.
Okay. That's a good idea.
You want to see the bicycle guy twice.
It's only until I find out when he comes to the cafe.
I'll be back.
She would have called back if she saw the check.
Nice... Nice to see you.
Hi.
I came to see how much of the bread...
was sold yesterday.
What do you mean?
Our bakery supplies our baked goods to this cafe.
We started yesterday.
It was all sold out.
Oh, I see.
Then I'll hurry back and bring the bread for you.
I'll be back soon.
We're making good use of the chairs.
- Hee. - It's... It's only...
because their baked goods are delicious. Really.
And the customers asked for something to eat too.
But still.
By the way,
how much did she pay for the chairs?
1,000 dollars.
Didn't I tell you?
1,000 dollars?
Mr. Kang, I'll be back.
I have a question for you.
For me?
You bought those chairs to use them here, right?
Yes.
The elders visit our bakery sometimes.
The bakery's owner must've paid for them, right?
Yes.
Hello.
Did you give her 1,000 dollars?
- What? 1,000 dollars? - Wait.
Well, that was...
If you don't mind, may I ask how much you gave her?
I gave her 100 dollars.
I understand.
What should I do?
Here is 900 dollars.
I was told that I was to decide the price.
So... That's why I decided to pay that much.
You were just running an errand.
I'll take these.
Goodbye.
Hey.
Goodness.
But you did manage to see him twice though.
He's angry, isn't he?
Hey, you...
You're still here.
I figured you had something to tell me.
How did you know?
You've been...
wanting to talk to me before too, right?
Sorry?
- Yes. I... - Don't say it.
- Pardon me? - Let's keep it that way.
I don't want you to tell me anything.
I...
like someone else.
Please.
Right. He likes someone else.
It must be that girl back then.
How many days do you want?
Sorry?
Don't you need to cry for a few days?
Women crying is what I hate the most.
So take a few days off.
I won't cry.
I already knew this would happen.
I gave him my number, but he never called back.
And I already knew...
that he likes someone else.
But how did he know I was going to confess my love?
Mom, Eun Seok isn't ready yet.
I think it'd be better...
if you delayed bringing her into the company.
If she is too prepared, she might stand out.
Other employees will remember her...
from when she had the contract job.
I didn't think that far.
She's bright and intelligent.
(Resume)
Her grades are good.
And her evaluation from the Marketing Team is too.
She should've been given the permenant position.
I can see that she did everything she could.
But Do Kyung,
you are being a little harsh on Eun Seok.
What is going on?
She needs to be straightened out a bit.
(General Manager Min)
What is it?
Eun Seok wants to go out?
Eun Seok wants to go out for an hour.
Let her, and test her.
I'm sorry, but I'd like to get a refund for this.
May I ask why you want to get a refund?
Please just refund this for me.
Ji Tae, you said you'd never get married.
I'll never get married!
I don't want to get married.
You told me to go on a blind date.
You told me to see someone else whenever I wanted.
I'm the oldest son of a poor family.
I'm hopeless, so I'll never get married.
I just can't...
pass down my poverty to my own children.
So I won't get married.
I can't even afford the apartment you want.
I won't ever!
Tae Soo!
- Thank you. - Thanks for coming.
Aren't you going to have lunch?
Of course I am. I am working so I can eat.
I'll have spicy nakji bokkeum.
Aren't online lessons too expensive for our budget?
We grew up taking lessons on TV, but time's changed.
- What's for lunch? - Wait. I'm almost done.
(Sending)
Do I get to choose?
Are you craving for anything in particular?
I want something spicy enough to burn my stomach.
What's wrong? Did you fight with Ji Tae?
What do you mean?
It seems like you two are angry at each other.
Let's go eat kkomjangeo instead of nakji bokkeum.
Sure.
Fortunately, your bones are fine.
But don't lift anything heavy for two weeks.
Two weeks?
Yes. Considering your age,
it's better to rest for a longer period.
I can take out the garbage...
and assist the carpenter.
I can lift lighter loads.
No, you can't.
If you get hurt again, you won't be able to work.
Mr. Kang,
I am not doing this for money.
You can pay me half.
You must be avoiding your wife after fighting.
Why don't you just reconcile with her?
I have to finish what I have started.
You should just go home and rest.
I will call you again when our next project begins.
A hamburger steak is usually served on a plate.
But our hamburger steak is served in a clay pot.
But it is quite heavy.
Why do you insist serving it in a clay pot?
First of all,
clay pots keep the food warm...
until the customers finish the food.
And since it's a traditional earthenware,
it adds sentimental values to the dish as well.
I see.
Honey.
Hey.
Well...
Did you quit work?
Give that to me.
What's wrong? Did you get hurt?
No, it's nothing.
It's not nothing. You even got a cast.
How bad is it? How did you get hurt?
What do you have there?
(Gyeongseong Hambagu)
What is it?
You know what it is.
I went to the training of the franchise...
Haesung Corporation is opening for us.
Are you out of your mind?
You never told me not to do it.
I left the contract wide-open on the table.
Didn't you know what that meant?
Did you think that would stop me?
Yes. I thought that would stop you.
How can you accept it? Do you have no shame?
This is why I accepted it.
I didn't know when you'd become like this.
What?
How can we live off your daily wage?
Living with 1,500 dollars a month was hard enough.
I know how you feel,
but this is not for me. It's for our children.
Don't use our children as excuses.
Aren't you ashamed to use that for our children?
Go cancel the contract.
I will earn more money.
Why haven't you done that all along?
No matter what you say,
I am going to run this restaurant.
Ji Soo. Yes. Our dear Ji Soo.
If it weren't for us, she would've died there.
Don't you remember?
We did raise her after all.
I will just consider it as a payment for that.
Honey.
I am going to do well...
and send her abroad to study baking.
Stop being ridiculous. Please, honey.
Please stop. You must cancel the contract.
I will work harder.
How can you work harder? What can you do?
You are too old for that.
Let's run this together,
marry off Ji Tae,
and Ji Ho...
Do you know how hard Ji Ho studies?
Thank you, my dear friend.
Good job.
Don't forget.
If you move out, you're going to treat me.
If I succeed to move out, I will treat you.
If my business succeeds, I will treat you for life.
Move out before making any promises.
- I'm leaving now. - Bye.
What is that?
- It's a foreshadow. - A foreshadow?
Everything needs a sign.
(Report Card)
This is the key that will get me stand on my own.
Seriously. Come to your senses, boy.
What will you do if Ji Ho goes...
- to college next year? - Nice.
Do you have money...
to pay for Ji Ho's college tuition?
- I do. - For four years?
Do you want Ji Ho to work and study like Ji An?
Or will you ask for money from Ji Tae again?
I'm home.
How did you get here, Dad?
Ji Tae, you're home.
What happened to your hand?
He got hurt.
So he quit his job.
You quit your job?
No. I am going back soon.
I won't die out like this.
Don't you worry. I got everything planned.
- Okay. Get some rest. - Okay.
The kids don't know about this yet.
I left some documents at the office.
I need to finish it by tonight.
Okay. Go then.
(Ji Tae)
Hello?
I'm outside your house. Would you come out?
Please bring out my suit if you haven't tossed it.
Okay.
Have a seat. Don't be old-fashioned.
It's cold outside today.
Thanks.
I am sorry about the other day.
I was thoughtless.
I should've waited...
until you parted with that guy.
Why didn't you?
I was too hungry.
I am sorry about going on a blind date...
- without a notice. - Sorry I embarrassed you.
It was fine. He wasn't my type.
And yet, you went to get more drinks.
- You never know. - Let's break up.
Didn't we break up that day?
Lee Soo A.
We can't break up fighting after four years, can we?
We should break up with a smile.
We talked about this.
We are supposed to wish each other good luck.
Right.
You're right.
I hope you meet a good man.
Don't date a man like that guy the other day.
His smile looks like he's a playboy.
Is he rich enough?
I heard he has a three-bedroom apartment.
What does he do?
He's an accountant.
Gosh. I feel even more sorry.
Stay healthy.
You won't get married anyway,
so I won't tell you to meet a good woman.
This is all I got to say.
It's been a pleasure being with you.
Me too.
Take care.
You too.
(Dormitory)
Great.
You're home, Ji Tae.
Why are you going to bed with your clothes on?
Why do you have another suit?
Dad.
Gosh, Ji Soo.
What is this? Are you crying?
Is something wrong?
I am just happy.
I am just happy to see you.
(Refund receipt)
I returned the gifts for my other family.
Didn't you give it to them?
They refused.
I didn't tell you about it...
because I was planning to take it back to them.
But I was thoughtless.
I am sorry to have caused trouble...
for both my previous and my current parents.
Yes. I gave you that money...
to spend it in a day, but you couldn't.
So I will take it back.
You won't be leaving home for a while,
and you will be with the driver if you need to.
Keep this for any emergencies.
I will do as you say.
Why are you listening to music at home?
You used to hate listening to music at home.
That was because I was stressed...
about the graduation recital.
This is our date, so I don't mind it.
Eun Seok.
You're listening to music.
Have a seat.
Have a seat if you want to listen to music.
You listen to classical music with Do Kyung.
When he was studying abroad,
we once went on a music trip.
The La Scala was great, wasn't it?
Did you like the Covent Garden better?
I said the Metropolitan was the best.
The Vienna State Opera is the second.
Are those the places you visited on the trip?
No, they are opera houses.
You must study a lot to catch up.
I just started studying.
I need to study more.
Seo Hyun, I know that you like Mahler,
but Symphony Number 3 is far too long.
Do you want to listen to Number 5, Adagietto?
I'm not a fan of Alma Mahler.
Let's go with Number 2, Resurrection.
What do you think about this song?
I don't know well,
but it's lovely to listen to.
Is that so? Then keep listening.
Let's listen to Resurrection after this.
I forgot I had homework.
Eun Suk, I will go back to my room first.
They're so scary.
When will they stop being mad at me?
Eat slowly.
Why are you so crazy about food made with flour?
I got it from you.
Mom always nags you for it,
but you still love eating sujebi.
Ji Soo.
What do you want to do in the future?
Do you want to open a bakery?
I don't want a bakery. I don't have money either.
If you had money, would you like to open one?
I have never thought about that.
I just want to make bread.
Then...
why don't you make bread professionally?
You can study baking abroad.
Abroad?
No, I don't want to go abroad.
Why do you ask that?
I don't need to study baking abroad.
I just want to...
become Mr. Kang's apprentice.
I just need to learn his skills...
and make the bread exactly like he does.
It's exactly what I was looking for.
It's because I am poor, isn't it?
If your parents were rich, you'd change your mind.
Dad, if I would do that,
why would I have tried stopping Ji An?
- You tried to stop Ji An? - I tried so hard.
That's why I don't talk to her anymore.
I would never leave you. Never.
Why wouldn't you?
I love everything I eat.
And I especially love eating bread.
I don't need money.
Still, they are your real parents.
What? Dad.
It's such an old-fashioned way of thinking.
Adoption. Share-houses.
These days,
even strangers may become a family.
I read this somewhere.
They say that family means...
"people you share food with."
Anyone you share your food with is your family.
So why would you go to your biological parents...
just because you share blood?
Is that right?
Why do you keep looking at me?
I feel full just by watching you eat.
Do you want to eat more? Here, have this.
These noodles are so good,
but the portion is a bit too small, right?
Oh, Do Kyung.
Practice the speech with Eun Seok.
Your aunt and uncle will be there too.
She shouldn't make any mistakes being nervous.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Meet me at 6pm.
Mr. Myung will know where to go.
That's unnecessary.
But it's necessary for our family.
It's my duty as the son of Haesung Corporation...
to teach you if I am told to do so.
(Personnel Transfer Report)
Mr. Sung.
Yes, Vice Chairman Choi.
Isn't this odd?
Pardon me? What do you mean?
Are these the only temporary employees...
who became regular employees?
Nobody from the Marketing or Sales Department...
became a regular employee. Why is that?
About that...
It was our decision...
to hire someone more equipped for the job.
Did you fill the positions with special admissions?
- Yes. - When advertising...
for temporary employees,
we promised some of them will be hired permanently.
And you ignored that?
Specially admitted people filled in the positions.
And this happened.
This is pathetic.
To save the faces of the executives,
you would jeopardize the company's image?
Temporary employees are a sensitive issue now.
Instead of being a role model,
you broke our promise.
What would that do to our company image?
I apologize, sir.
Give permanent positions to the number of people...
you promised on the advertisement.
I will do that, sir.
Choose among the temporary employees...
in order of their competency.
There must be temporary employees who would've...
been chosen if it weren't for the privileged ones.
Yes. I will fix it and report it to you.
You may leave.
Ji Soo.
Yes?
What are you doing? It's past 10 already.
You should go now.
Okay.
I know the bike man project ended so soon,
but you are in charge of the bread delivery.
I know that.
If they have any unsold, bring it back to me.
- Why? - That's for my pride.
I can't let them sell day-old bread.
Okay.
Go.
Hello.
This is the bread for today.
If you have any bread left from yesterday, give me.
It sold out yesterday.
Oh, is that so?
Okay then. Goodbye.
Gosh, what do I do?
That was so embarrassing. I was like a fool.
Seriously.
Please don't say anything to me.
Don't say anything to you?
He feels like a different man.
No... No, Doctor. I can't do that.
You promised me I'll be working at the front desk.
I know.
But Ms. Lee can't come as her appendix burst.
I need someone to take her place.
It's your major though.
Please do this for just one day.
You know I have a lot of patients today.
Doctor.
It's just today. Only one day.
I'll have someone else tomorrow. Okay?
Okay. Good.
- Sir. - Yes?
Please keep your jaw relaxed.
- Okay. - Okay.
That's it.
Ji Soo.
Hold it for just a moment.
- Relax your jaw. - Okay.
- Please be patient. - Okay.
It's almost done.
Okay. It's done.
Thank you for your patience.
Ji Soo, Please wrap it up.
I'm sorry. I'm very sorry, sir.
Gosh, what do you think you are doing?
- I'm sorry, sir. - I can't believe this.
Gosh, what is this? Get away from me.
Hey. Darn it!
Did you just retch while looking at my teeth?
Well... About that...
I... I really didn't mean to do that.
You didn't mean to?
Gosh, so are you saying...
my teeth are so filthy that it made you retch?
Well... That's just...
Gosh, this is just unbelievable.
What kind of wench are you?
What are you?
I know you're upset, but you can't use violence.
Who do you think you are? Why would you butt in?
Do you even know what she just did to me?
Let go, you punk.
By the way...
You wouldn't want to give her settlement money.
And for beating a woman?
Okay. I understand. Please let go of me.
Gosh, this shouldn't get wet.
I must give this to him.
What should I do?
Take this.
Well, this is for you...
I only chose the good ones.
He was so nice...
and kind to me back then. But why be like this now?
Why do I hate her so much?
That is why I don't like her.
She doesn't even say hi because she's embarrassed.
She was just like that back then.
A dental hygienist who retches at her patient?
After that fuss, she went out to buy some bread.
And she came back eating it.
She's like a ghost that starved to death.
Gosh, she was ridiculous.
How would I like such a woman?
I'd even hate her if she were a man.
She's irresponsible and indifferent.
She's just so gluttonous.
Not all people can be smart and skillful.
It's not that she isn't smart. She's pathetic.
She worked at a dental clinic and a restaurant.
And now, she works at a bakery.
She doesn't even have a goal in her life.
She has no plans.
You didn't tell her what you just said,
did you?
I just told her I like someone else.
And I asked her not to say anything to me.
You're mean.
I would've been mean if I gave her false hope.
Is it mean to help her move on?
Mom and Aunt don't get on well each other.
And Chairman No Yang Ho doesn't want to...
hand over the company to his daughters.
He found a good guy for his son-in-law instead.
It's Dad and President Jung Myung Soo.
That's why Mom and Aunt don't get along.
Dad is the vice president though.
Why would they not get along?
It's not guaranteed that he'll be the president.
It could be Dad, Uncle, or someone else.
Chairman No left the position open.
But Mom is his eldest daughter.
- Then why... - Straighten your back.
Your face has a set expression.
Didn't Ms. Yang teach you abdominal respiration?
What have you learned from her so far?
Make sure to speak with a smile no matter what.
Keep your back straight.
As I talked about Mom and Aunt,
you became a little girl who likes to gossip.
I'm sorry.
Let's eat.
- You're hopeless. - Pardon?
Cut meat in small pieces. Take small sips of wine.
Can't you even eat food properly?
Okay. I'll remember that.
This dinner table is not just about eating food.
The point is what happens during the dinner.
The food is just a prop for a smooth conversation.
Especially in business.
Don't lose your mind by focusing on eating.
In front of Chairman No, President No and Jung.
Okay.
Grandpa was a son of a butcher.
But now, he's here today. He's not an ordinary man.
He has a humble taste,
but that doesn't mean he's easygoing or something.
He's a redoubtable man.
His word is the law,
the path, and the truth.
Okay.
Leave it.
Yes, sir.
Leave your glass.
When someone pours you wine,
leave the glass on the table.
That means you trust the sommelier...
or whoever is serving you.
I didn't learn that yet.
You could've noticed that night...
when we had dinner together.
You're dull-witted.
I'm done eating.
- Let's go then. - There's still dessert.
You still think we're here to eat.
There's no point in eating dessert with someone...
who forgets everything she hears.
Let's go.
You could've...
called for a designated driver.
Why didn't you have any wine?
I asked a question.
Isn't it rude to ignore it...
and not answer?
I told the waiter at the restaurant...
that I won't drink because I must drive.
I made my intentions clear,
so not asking why I didn't call a driver...
is something only close friends can do.
I understand.
Don't look around.
It's very unrefined to...
look around someone else's car,
and I dislike it very much.
You're spying my personal space.
I wasn't spying.
I was looking for water because I was thirsty.
If there is any here, is it yours?
It's someone else's space.
Can you drink anything you find?
"I am thirsty. Do you have water?"
Is that so hard?
Are we strangers?
Anyone other than yourself is a stranger.
And I don't have any water.
If you're impolite, at least be quick-witted.
Is she sick?
Did she take some medicine?
I'm sure she did.
She'll call Ms. Min if she needs help.
Why am I worried?
She'd survive even if...
she was to be left in a desert.
Ji Soo.
I'm sick.
Medicine?
I don't know where it is.
I'm scared to ask.
If I said...
I did too much wrong to a man...
who turned out to be my brother...
and couldn't keep down what we ate for dinner,
they might treat me even worse.
My sister?
She won't let me in.
If you were here,
you'd have caused a fuss...
and pricked my finger to let out blood.
I miss you.
I feel...
so lonely here.
Sorry I'm late. I was on the phone with France.
Well done.
Why are you eating this?
What's wrong with this?
I like western food.
Do you have a lot to do today?
Ms. Yang will teach me...
manners and arts this morning.
Then I learn about makeup in Cheongdam-dong,
and I have Pilates training afterwards.
After that, I have English lessons.
What about lunch?
You should give her time to eat.
I told her to pack some sandwiches.
She'll have little time to eat at the company.
She must learn as much as she can before that.
Hang in there for just a few more days.
Things will get better once you're at work.
Yes, I understand.
(Vietnam economy)
- Ji An. - Hey.
Who is this?
Ji Soo.
What... What happened to your voice?
Ji An.
Something urgent came up. Go back home first.
- Taxi. - Miss.
Ji Soo.
Who are you?
Why do you look like Ji An?
You can't even drink half a can of beer.
Ji Soo, what's wrong?
Is it really you?
- Gosh. It really is you. - Yes, it's me.
Don't be silly.
Look out, Ji Soo.
Ji Soo, are you all right?
Let go. Let go of me.
Why are you holding me back?
Leave. I cut you out of my life.
I cut you out.
Ji Soo.
What happened to you?
He told me...
not to do it.
He says I should not say anything.
He told me not to say anything.
Did you confess to Mr. Sun?
No.
I haven't said anything to him yet,
but he told me not to.
- Come here. - Why?
Sit down here and tell me what happened.
What do you mean by you saying nothing,
and him telling you not to say anything?
He likes someone else.
He likes someone else?
Yes, he said so.
No, he does.
I actually saw her.
And you still like him?
Didn't you even check on things like that?
You said you spied on him.
Didn't you know he had a girlfriend?
No, that's not it.
I don't know yet if she's his girlfriend.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Would I like a guy who has a girlfriend?
Even if they aren't dating,
you said you saw the girl he likes.
You should've given up then...
or told him you liked him sooner.
I wrote down what you should say.
Why didn't you read that...
only to end up in this mess? This is upsetting.
Are you upset?
Right now... I feel like...
someone's stabbing me here with a needle.
Does it hurt a lot?
Yes.
You know,
it feels like a really small needle,
something 10 times smaller...
than what you use to sew things up,
is stabbing my heart, and it hurts a lot.
It must really hurt.
What should I do now?
Get over him.
If the guy's that adamant,
it won't work.
If I tell myself to forget,
will I be able to?
Stop drinking.
I see why you always drank beer.
Drinking this...
makes the pain go away.
I feel so dizzy.
No, Ji Soo.
Ji Soo.
Get rid of everything Eun Seok brought with her.
My goodness, Ji An.
What happened to her?
What happened?
Oh, dear.
Thank you. You should go.
Mom, let me catch my breath.
Go home. Why do you keep coming here?
Well, I called Ji Soo, but she was drunk.
You should've called me. Why did you come over?
Don't do that ever again.
Don't scold her.
Dad's in Seoul.
Get going before he sees you.
- I'll call you soon. - But is Dad okay?
Yes, now go.
Taxi service? This is Daebang-dong...
Dad, I'm sorry.
Why does she always cause trouble?
Why? Did something happen again?
Was she sick by any chance?
Not at all.
She skipped all her lessons and disappeared.
Again?
She also took back her necklace.
Does she even want to become our family?
What necklace?
The one you gave her.
She wanted it back saying she'd been rude to you.
I guess she looked up how much it cost.
Sorry. I didn't think it through.
Everything you said yesterday is right.
What's all that?
Ms. No told me to get rid of it all.
She finally got herself into this mess.
I'm home.
I'm sorry.
Sit.
I didn't ask for permission...
It must have been related to your old family.
Yes. My sister was having a hard time.
You joined our family now.
You're a member of the Haesung family.
I set a schedule so you wouldn't be so foolish.
Yet, you let me down like this?
I thought you were smart.
I was wrong.
We were twins...
for the past 25 years.
She needed me.
I said we must make up for the lost 25 years...
and that you shouldn't go off alone.
Do you not know what that means?
I can't cut them out of my life...
just like that, Mother.
There's nothing you can't do with determination.
Do you think you can be higher or special...
by acting like others and doing all you wish?
She is my sister.
She used to be.
Mother.
Fine. This girl who was your sister.
Let's hear about...
why you needed to be there for her.
Was the girl who was your sister at death's door?
Why...
Why am I not allowed to see my family?
Just because I'm with you now...
doesn't mean they're no longer my family.
My siblings cannot become strangers.
Is that so?
Here, I'm Eun Seok,
but...
I'm still Seo Ji An no matter how hard I try.
Then...
shall I call you Ji An and not Eun Seok?
I'm not...
used to all this yet.
Until the paperwork's complete,
I'd like you to...
call me Ji An.
The choice to return...
was yours, so do not forget that.
With choices...
come responsibilities.
Didn't you think of that?
Because of you,
me, your dad, brother, and sister...
will all become fodder for gossip.
If that were to happen,
you shouldn't have come back.
I don't know what she's thinking.
Okay, so keep quiet.
Eun Seok.
You can't talk back to Mom and Dad like that.
Just do as you're told. Is that so hard?
If I had grown up here like you did,
it would've been easy to follow the rules.
Sorry for making you bother.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Ms. Min.
Everything I brought is gone from my room.
I took everything by Ms. No's order.
Where to?
I threw everything away.
What do you mean?
How... How could you do that to my possessions...
without my permission? They're mine.
We only did as we were told.
Where are they? Where do you keep the trash?
They'll be gone by now.
What should I do?
How could there not be even a single can of beer?
Seo Ji An.
(My Golden Life)
Is this her?
I'm Eun Seok.
That's tomorrow.
What are you doing with her tomorrow?
It's a secret.
Hey, Eun Seok!
Gosh, what am I doing?
Do Kyung!
Yes, I'm here!
What's wrong with her?
She must've liked you a lot.
Can't you deliver the bread to the cafe?
No. I'm the owner.
Why would I? Gosh.
I got a call that I became a regular employee...
for the Marketing Team.